[theme music]
-Good morning, iced hot cappuccino.
-Me too, please.
"Iced hot cappuccino"?
Would your cappuccino
be hot or cold, ma'am?
Make it cold, please.
Thank you so much.
[Jae-hak] The new interns have arrived,
and they are scarier than the devil.
You know what they always say.
You should never get sick in March.
They were med students till February 28.
But they become interns on March 1.
They know nothing, but they suddenly
become interns overnight.
And because of that, I'm really hoping
for a not-so-eventful year.
I mean only small blunders here and there
and nothing major.
Were you a troublemaker
when you were an intern?
Surely, I was.
[chuckles]
I once cried four times in a day.
Just doing an arterial blood test.
But by December, it was easy.
I wasn't used to it in March,
so I tried it multiple times.
-I got teary-eyed, and so did the patient.
-[Seon-bin chuckles]
And when patients were in pain,
I wasn't sure which pain reliever
to give them and how to notify the others.
The worst was
when I had to call my professor.
Oh.
[sighs]
So I had to call my professor,
and you know what, it felt like my heart
was going to pop out of my chest.
Yeah, I always wrote down
what I would say.
I made a very detailed script.
And read it,
as if my professor was in front of me.
-[chuckles]
-I remember how scared I was.
I noted how it should be read.
I'd specify "Politely but urgently"
in parentheses
and Professor, I'm really, really sorry.
-[Yun-bok] Good morning.
-[Hong-do] Good morning.
Hello. Hello.
Those scrubs look good on you.
[Jae-hak chuckles]
So where you guys interning?
-In OB-GYN.
-And I'm in Surgery.
Oh, that's right.
You start with the main departments.
[sighs]
So when will we meet, huh?
Hong-do. Hi!
Cardiothoracic Surgery is calling you.
"Yes!" And then Hong-do runs over.
But they say, not you "Yun-bok".
[all laugh]
I know you're coming to see us, Hong-do.
Yun-bok, make a wise decision too.
By the way, CS is trying
to cut the work hours.
And you know what the professors say,
the residents quality of life
will surely be guaranteed.
You don't have new residents this year?
Hey, your coffee
is getting cold, Seon-bin, drink up.
Yun-bok, hey, when you're done
with the main departments,
you're welcome to join us at CS.
Don't make us wait too long.
I hope to see you
in the CS Medical Office, hm?
Hmm. I've decided to join Neurosurgery.
[quirky music]
Hey, Yun-bok, do you want some cake?
Let's go. NS is treating you
to delicious cake today.
Well, NS is very rich.
We have a lot of people.
Let's go.
[quirky music continues]
[sighs deeply]
Over here! Jang Gyeo-ul, over here.
-Please join me.
-[both chuckle]
Good morning.
Hello.
Woah.
That short coat really looks great on you,
the newest person at GS, Jang Gyeo-ul.
[chuckles]
Thanks for saying that.
Well, it's the only thing
that I get dry-cleaned, Dr. Do.
Of course. Because you finally got it
after coveting it for years.
-[cup clinks]
-Um.
By the way, I heard GS got
three new residents this year.
-That can't be true.
-But it's true, though.
[soft chuckle]
-Are you excited?
-Yes, I'm very excited.
I'm happy to have lots
of interns and residents,
because I've always worked alone.
-So, I'll be good to them.
-[sighs]
We had two interns
who joined us last year,
but both of them had to work
at our branches
in Jongno, Sokcho, and also in Sejong.
They all came here this year.
Two in their second year
and three in their first.
One of them went to our Jongno branch,
but four of them came here in Seoul.
We have you to thank for that,
Jang Gyeo-ul.
I bet all the interns applied
because they saw how well you were doing.
Oh, no. It's because there are
new benefits now,
and it's changed to three years.
So, it's not really because of me.
[Gyeo-ul sighs]
By the way, is it really true
that CS didn't get
new residents this year? Not even one.
Yeah.
But you have senior residents, right?
Yeah, in their third and fourth year.
I feel sorry for Chang-min.
He has to do everything again this year.
Oh, but look at NS
that has four new residents this year.
Imagine, even the one who left
has come back.
[Seon-bin] You look really sharp.
-[Seok-min] What?
-[both chuckle]
-Oh, hello.
-Good morning.
I can't have breakfast,
I have a conference. See you.
I'm leaving too.
Take this for the road.
Ah, that's smell good. Can I have a sip?
[slurps, exhales]
You got home late last night.
I heard you come in.
Yeah. Gyeo-ul
wasn't feeling well last night,
so I stayed with her until late.
[munching]
Her brother
is getting married pretty soon.
So he moved in with his fiancée.
[munching continues]
What?
When are you…
getting married?
[munching]
I'm planning to propose to her soon.
So, can I live with you guys?
[comical music sting]
Oh, you're such a freak.
["I Love You More Than Anyone"
by TWICE playing]
[Ik-jun humming]
[satnav] You have steered off course.
You have steered off course.
Sorry, you're wrong.
This is a much faster route.
Why do you always confuse this one?
It's okay, you're forgiven.
[satnav] To get to Yulje Medical Center,
turn right in 300 meters.
No way, I'm taking the three-lane road.
It's just the same.
[cell phone ringing]
INCOMING CALL
CHAE SONG-HWA
Mine is iced vanilla latte.
[Song-hwa chuckles]
All right. Are you nearby?
I'm still five minutes away.
So, stay there. I want coffee too.
-Okay, I'll be at the café.
-Hmm, see you in a bit.
-[phone beeps]
-[music continues]
[sighs deeply]
Will you not regret this?
What? Me coming back?
[chuckles softly]
No, I surely won't.
I got a serious reality check,
while I was gone.
So I came back
because I regretted leaving this place.
Why would I regret being a fellow?
[tongue clicks]
I don't regret this decision.
Do you plan to stay with the goal
of becoming a professor some day?
He doesn't. What he really wants
is to receive more training on surgery,
from Professor Chae.
Staying here taught me
I still have a lot to learn.
I told you to wait until after
the first year of your fellowship.
Why did you leave in such a hurry anyway?
At first, I was told to specialize
in spine surgery, so I said yes.
I'm not sure
if this is a good thing, though,
but I was asked to take over
when the cerebrovascular disease
specialist left.
Cerebrovascular disease
really intrigues me…
[tongue clicks]
…but I honestly don't feel experienced
or skilled enough for the surgeries yet.
It's the same with spine.
I had no experience whatsoever.
[Seok-min clicks tongue, exhales]
There were so many smart
and experienced senior surgeons
at the hospital I was in.
[inhales]
That I felt I'd never get a chance
to perform surgery on my own.
[sighs, clicks tongue]
So I felt lost for a year.
Then Professor Chae told me there was
a vacancy for a fellow, so I applied.
Well, I feel the same way, to be honest.
I still don't feel confident
performing surgeries on my own.
The others and I talk about
that same topic every day
in the on-call room.
"Can we do surgeries on our own?"
Me too.
All right, let's be kind to ourselves now.
[inhales]
But tell me don't you ever regret
taking a pay cut?
Your pay was three times higher
than what you'd make as a fellow.
As you see,
you can actually make more money
when you're a skilled doctor
and surgeon at the same time.
I mean learning how to do
aneurysm, coiling, and clipping
will broaden my surgery skills.
Woah. You were only gone for a year,
but it sounds like you learned a lot.
[chuckles softly]
I want to make a lot of money.
[sighs]
I'll earn a lot of it,
so my parents
who worked hard to pay for my education
can live comfortably.
I came back to this place
so I can earn more money.
Is money everything to you?
Hm. Yes, it is.
I just need to earn more
so I can give my parents more money
and buy a car and house sooner.
I still don't even own a car yet.
Are we proud?
I don't too.
[chuckles]
And also I wanna get married.
[bell tolling]
[scoffs]
Why are you telling me that?
Because I need money to get married.
But it won't happen
with the money I have now.
Why do we have to watch
his marriage proposal
first thing in the morning?
I have money, you know.
You don't need to spend a penny.
Wow. Flex.
-Is this how you use it?
-Beats me.
I can't get married…
empty-handed.
All you have to do
is to bring a spoon, okay?
-Woah.
-[Jae-hak] Gosh.
Come on. Let's go for a short walk.
Sure.
[chuckles]
[Gyeo-ul chuckles softly]
Are we invisible to the both of them?
It's like they couldn't see us.
[chuckles]
[light music]
I'd like to have one hot Americano
and iced vanilla latte, one order of that.
-Would you like the regular or upsized?
-Uh.
Regular hot Americano
and a large IVL. Hello.
Hi, Professor Lee.
I see you're late today.
Oh, yeah, it really happens, you know.
-We're friends online.
-[machine beeps]
Huh?
[chuckles]
You don't need to know.
Oh. Here.
[light music continues]
We'll drink it here?
-Do you have time?
-Yeah. I have a bit, and you?
I have 30 minutes.
I have a quick conference after.
Then let's drink it quickly.
[chuckles]
Surgery is nothing new to me.
I advise them on their thesis.
Oh. By the way, I'm on the committee
for the Brain Tumor Conference.
What else?
The communications team also asked me
to give three lectures this month.
So I need some time to prepare all those.
Then, Daddy-Long-Legs received
two surgery inquiries.
I'm doing one this week
and the other one next week.
Come on, that's about it, okay?
[sighs]
Oh, good morning.
Hey, Professor.
-It's so nice to see you in Seoul again.
-[Song-hwa chuckles]
Professor, I was actually
going to call you.
Can you do a surgery for me?
Oh, sure.
[chuckles, sighs]
Say this.
[exhales, inhales]
"I'm sorry.
I'm booked back to back right now."
Uh, no, wait, take out "I'm sorry." No.
How can I turn it down?
His mother is not okay.
But it didn't sound like an urgent case,
so no need to rush.
Or say you'll do it next month
since you're too busy now.
I can't believe you said
you have some time next week.
Of course,
you'll have time on the weekend.
[cell phone ringing]
Hey, what's up? I'm already here.
[Seong-yeong] Professor, a patient
was just brought into the ER.
An 18-year-old female
a motorcycle TA case.
The CT scan shows
an acute SDH on the left,
and there's a midline shift
of about 1.5 centimeters.
Mental status, stupor.
And her left pupil
has dilated to about 0.4 or 0.5.
Her left-side motor function is intact,
but the right side is Grade 2.
What's her BP now?
It's 160 over 90.
[sighs]
[exhales deeply]
[grunts]
[theme music]
Interns only need to do
what the professors tell them to do.
So just pull and let go
whenever you're told to do so.
You know what a Richardson is?
RICHARDSON: RICHARDSON RETRACTOR
Hm. Okay, you just need to hold it down,
and right before the baby's out,
you have to remove it.
Otherwise, it could hurt the baby.
-Yes, I understand.
-Hm.
Professor Yang will say,
"Richardson, out." Got it?
When you hear him say that,
then remove it. Understood?
Yes, I understood.
[sighs]
Remember that.
I won't ask for anything else.
"Richardson, out."
Do that right,
and you'll get an A+. Understood?
Yes.
Is everything okay in the ward?
Ah, professor, Baek Hui-do's
daily L-tube drainage is usually 500cc,
but it's only 100cc today.
How's the condition?
No improvement at all.
It's the same as yesterday.
Oh, boy. Then let's do an abdominal X-ray.
We'll try to unclog it if needed.
And if that fails,
then we'll have to change it.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Sure.
[dial tone ringing]
Yes, is this the intern?
About the liver resection patient
Baek Hui-do.
The L-tube seems to be clogged.
So, there's a request to change it
with the new one immediately.
[Yun-bok] "L-tube"?
You mean the nasogastric tube?
Yes, the tube
should be changed immediately.
-Okay, I got it.
-Thanks.
[phone chimes]
[suspenseful music]
[machine beeping]
[suspenseful music continues]
Yes. Thank you, Professor.
-Did you book an OR?
-Yes, I spoke with Anesthesiology.
But we don't have consent yet.
Her guardian hasn't even arrived yet.
Really? Do they live far?
Yes, they're coming from Chuncheon.
And with that distance, they won't be here
for another hour, I'm afraid.
I'm from there too,
so I know how long it takes.
Can we call anyone else?
-There's no one.
-Oh, boy.
We have to save her right now, though.
Get started right now
and have the consent signed later.
Okay, I've already explained the situation
over the phone.
Hold on. What about her boyfriend?
The paramedic said her boyfriend
was the one driving the motorcycle.
-And she was at the back.
-[smacks lips]
Where is her boyfriend now? I wonder.
-He just went home.
-What?
He only has a small cut on his forehead,
so he went home
right after getting it dressed.
-[sighs]
-He was the only one wearing a helmet.
His girlfriend was riding at the back
without it.
He sped and beat the signal,
then crashed on a speed bump.
Oh, boy.
[tongue clicks]
[machine beeping]
Hello, sir.
-[door slides close]
-Oh, hello, doctor.
I have to check your tube now.
-It'll be a bit uncomfy.
-Mm.
Okay.
[Hui-do groans]
-Can you swallow?
-[grunts]
-Swallow.
Good, and again.
-Wait…
-Try again, sir. Swallow.
-Yes. Mm, yes. Swallow.
-[grunting]
Good.
-Just a little bit more. Swallow.
-[Hui-do groans]
There. It's already done, sir.
You did very well.
Oh, wait.
[coughing]
[machine beeping]
[Seok-hyeong]
The arcuate vessels are very active.
-She's bleeding. Suction.
-[Min-ha] Yes, Professor Yang.
-[suction rumbles]
-[liquid trickles]
The baby is coming out. Richardson, out.
[machine beeping]
[quirky music]
[Min-ha] That little…
[Seok-hyeong] Where is he going?
-I'm sorry, Professor.
-Didn't you train him well?
I did train him, but I'll do it again.
Well, they're both contaminated now,
so we'll just do it without them.
-The baby is coming out.
-[Min-ha] All right.
Just wait until this is done.
You are so dead.
SURGERY IN PROGRESS
[quirky music continues]
Where is Ms. Song Su-bin right now?
She's in the treatment room.
She'll be back shortly.
-I already took care of it.
-[keyboard clacking]
-Please do an X-ray and check.
-Okay.
I'll go and take a look.
Hello, sir.
Oh, boy.
Excuse me,
this is very uncomfortable for me.
Uh, I'm so sorry. I'll fix that for you.
[groans]
[exhales deeply]
That must have been a hassle.
I'm sorry, sir.
Our intern hasn't done it before,
so she only remembered
to put in a new one.
I should have trained her better
to prevent this, sir.
I apologize.
Oh. Don't worry.
My eldest kid just started working too.
He must make lots of mistakes.
So it's okay.
I actually feel much better now.
It's really okay,
so please don't reprimand her, hmm.
[chuckles]
Okay.
I'm really sorry about that, sir.
Oh, no, don't be. It's okay.
[laughs]
[sighs deeply]
[machine beeping]
The brain edema is quite severe.
She may not regain her consciousness.
Although, there's some pulsation.
Her boyfriend who was driving,
already left.
Really? Was he wearing a helmet?
Yes.
His girlfriend is on the verge of death.
[grunts]
Has the parents or guardian arrived?
Is her mother here now?
Yes, she's in the waiting room, professor.
[background chatter]
[hurried footsteps approaching]
SURGERY PATIENT FAMILY
WAITING ROOM
Hey, what happened to our daughter, honey?
[sobbing]
My gosh, what happened?
Oh, God, no.
[sobbing continues]
Can the anesthesiologist check her BP now?
It's 150 over 80.
Is the bleeding still severe?
The brain hemorrhage is severe.
Blood keeps seeping
from the base of the skull.
I'm struggling to control it.
[machine beeping]
[dramatic music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[woman sighs]
[man] Doctor, how's my daughter
doing right now?
She okay?
Is she going to survive the operation?
Well, the surgery was successful.
[sighs]
She had a skull fracture
when her head hit the ground very hard.
And then there was also severe bleeding
within the meninges,
so we operated on her as fast as we could.
So we opened her skull
and got rid of the blood.
Honestly, it was difficult
to stop the bleeding,
so it took us a while
to get it under control,
but the surgery went well.
[sighs, sniffles]
A subdural hemorrhage refers to bleeding
that happened under the dura mater.
And the thing is,
it often results in complications.
Her brain is quite swollen at the moment,
so we couldn't close up the skull.
So we could only stitch up the skin
without the bone.
And with that, we'll perform
another surgery to put back the bone.
[sobbing]
Is my daughter
going to wake up, doctor?
Will our Du-na…
still regained her consciousness?
Will she?
[Du-na's mom sobbing]
I can't guarantee that she will.
[sobbing loudly]
To tell you honestly,
that wasn't our priority that time.
Our only goal was to save her life.
She was in critical condition.
What I can tell you
is that we'll keep monitoring her
in the ICU for now and see how it goes.
-[sobbing continues]
-[somber music]
The cerebral edema is still severe,
but the brain is pulsating,
and that's good.
Another thing is Du-na's brain
is not dead,
so let's wait and hope
that she will wake up.
[gunshots, grunting through video game]
[cell phone ringing]
MY EVERYTHING
I miss you too, my dear boy.
[U-ju] Dad, we should go camping too.
Mo-ne's family is taking
their camper van this week.
They're going all the way to Donghae
to eat snow crabs.
I wanna go camping too, Dad.
Mo-ne's family is going camping again?
I wonder what Mo-ne's dad
does for a living, son.
Dad, let's go camping too. Please?
I wanna relax by a campfire.
I'm surprised you know these things.
Goodness. Okay, we'll go. I promise.
Oh, hey.
You have my word, really.
[U-ju] So when? When are we going, then?
Hmm. Before cicadas start singing.
Yes, I promise you that we'll go camping
before cicadas start singing.
But cicadas won't start singing
for a while.
Really? Well then, um…
How about when they start molting?
Hey, he won't know what "molt" means.
Sounds good.
We'll go when cicadas start molting,
when the nymphs reach the imago phase.
We'll go camping then, okay?
[comical music sting]
What's he saying?
And what does an imago mean?
[grunts]
Same as molting.
Okay. We'll do that then, U-ju.
You really have my word.
When they start molting,
we'll go camping together. Okay?
Hmm. I love you too.
-[chuckles]
-[phone chimes]
He hasn't even joined Mensa yet.
Can it be done online?
[scoffs]
I'll see if it's possible.
[laughs]
Ah, let's eat something. I'm hungry.
Where are they?
They went home.
We're the only ones on duty.
What should we eat? Any ideas?
Ah…
Cold noodles?
[gasps]
Let's order it.
Two plain, one spicy, and some dumplings.
Okay?
My, I'm surprised that you can always
think of something that you wanna eat.
Does it just come to you?
-Yes. Like a musical motif.
-[classical music swells]
I never have to try.
You know. They suddenly pop into my head.
If you could write songs like that,
then you'll be--
-Beethoven.
-Or Mozart, maybe.
[sighs]
[classical music rises and fades]
-Professor Ahn.
-["I Like You" by Jo Jung-suk playing]
You're not on duty now.
You still have stuff to do?
-Okay. Let's see this one.
-Hm.
-Ah…
-[door opens]
Well, as you can see,
this part is redundant,
so I think you can just take it out.
Yeah, remove that one. Mm.
Okay.
-Professor Ahn.
-Good evening.
Oh, good evening too.
First year Choi Se-hoon.
First year Nam Yu-ri.
Second year Kim Geon.
And second year Hwang Ji-woo.
-Is that right?
-That's correct.
[all laugh]
You're the only professor
who remembers all of our names.
Ah, well, that's because it's only March.
Oh, by the way,
how come you guys are still here?
I'm taking them out for dinner and drinks
because it's a nice way
to get to know them.
Oh. That's awesome. Good to hear.
Okay, see you around.
Hang on a sec.
[sighs]
-Use my card.
-Oh.
[comical music sting]
Thanks a lot.
-Thank you, sir.
-Thank you.
-Good night, sir.
I'll just go
and get changed quickly, guys.
Get changed too
and meet me at the lobby. Okay?
-Sure.
-We'll see you there.
Hey. Is Professor Ahn married already?
No, he's not. Why?
[chuckles]
He's really my type.
[exhales deeply]
[slurping]
[quirky music]
-[Jun-wan] Hmm.
-Such hungry bums!
[chuckles softly]
They know I was referring to them both.
[munching]
Wait? What?
Can you just eat a little bit slower?
I'm done eating.
[Song-hwa slurping]
D'you guys wanna have pork belly
from that place tomorrow?
Um, sounds good.
-Hey, Jun-wan.
-[munches]
Just go home, you're not on duty tonight.
Are you like a ghost that lives here?
[sighs]
-Not to an empty house.
-What the…
-[scoffs]
-Jeong-won rarely comes home these days,
and Jae-hak said he has to have dinner
with his wife tonight.
[grunts]
Those guys are jerks.
And they're selfish. Yeah.
I think you should date again.
[gulps]
I don't want to.
Well, it's been a while
since you break up with love.
I'll set you up,
with a really good friend of mine.
No, thanks. I'm not interested.
I'm still not over my ex, Song-hwa.
I think about her every day.
And before I go to sleep.
I think of her while walking
and when I'm eating
something good like now.
[inhales]
Just why can't I forget about her?
Why are you asking me?
You go figure it out yourself.
I'll be back in a bit.
[sighs]
[Ik-jun grunts]
[footsteps receding]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[slurping]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-Ah, okay, ma'am.
-[thudding]
I think you should speak
with Professor Yang.
-[dramatic music]
-[sighs]
According to your ultrasound,
there could be abnormalities in your baby.
It may have esophageal atresia.
What?
[sobs]
Oh, my God.
You mean…
our baby's esophagus is blocked?
Yes. An esophageal stricture or blockage
can be detected with an ultrasound,
even before the baby's born,
but that's not always the case.
At this moment,
I'd say it's very likely
that your baby has EA.
[sobbing continues]
But we won't know for sure
until we take an X-ray
after the baby has been born.
[breathes heavily]
We'll have our pediatric surgeons
look into this.
It'll be helpful for the both of you
to get their opinion about this.
Okay.
All right.
Professor, would you like me
to talk to PS?
No need. I'll be the one
to talk to Professor Ahn directly.
[nurse sighs]
[machine beeping]
[sighs deeply]
Seong-yeong.
It's really nice that you're always
checking on Hwang Du-na,
but make sure
you don't neglect other patients.
Hey, we still have a lot to do.
Organize the charts if you have time.
You can sleep one more hour
if you do it now.
Okay. Excuse me then.
[machine beeping]
[door slides open]
[door slides close]
[Song-hwa] Hmm.
HWANG DU-NA
FEMALE, AGE 18
She's in college?
Yes, a freshman. She's from Chuncheon.
So I guess Seong-yeong is worried
because he's also from Chuncheon.
I know, because I also used
to be like that.
You were like that?
Hmm, I was like that.
When I saw a patient who's my name sake.
I became very chatty, you know.
And I felt the connection
with those around my age.
So please don't be harsh
on Seong-yeong. Okay?
He won't even feel
those emotions later on, anyway.
Sure.
[soft music]
But you know what,
I feel like you were born a professor.
Were you ever a stupid intern
back in the day?
I… did some stupid things.
[door slides open]
-[elevator chimes]
-[automated voice] Door is opening.
[doors rattle]
-Uh, hi, Professor.
-Oh, hello, guys.
-[nurse] Hi, Professor.
-[chuckles]
You're exactly the guy I'm looking for.
[Seok-hyeong] Hmm.
She's hospitalized right now
due to severe preeclampsia,
and we saw signs of EA in the ultrasound.
So can you take a look?
Sure. The fetal age and weight?
30 weeks, 1.3 kilos.
But the preeclampsia of the mother
is pretty severe,
so a preterm birth is likely.
Oh, boy.
[sighs]
I have a feeling, that we're going to have
a big meeting about it soon.
[both sigh deeply]
[Jeong-won] We're suspecting it
based on the antepartum test results,
but we won't know for sure
until we can run some test
after your baby has been born.
Uh, we can do an X-ray on your baby
to confirm it, if it's EA.
And once we're sure about it,
then we'll perform surgery one to two days
after your baby has been born.
[sighs deeply]
Doctor, I looked it up on the internet
and read that a thoracoscopy
is performed to repair EA.
Will our baby undergo that procedure?
Well, in most cases,
we perform that procedure
by inserting a thoracoscope
into the baby's chest.
But if the baby is too small
or has complications,
then we'll have no choice
but to perform open-chest surgery
on the infant.
But of course, we'll have a better idea
on which procedure to use
once your baby is born.
[breathes heavily]
Doctor, please be honest with me.
Will my child be able to live normally
as an adult?
Yes. If the surgery goes well,
your baby will be fine.
-[sobs]
-[gentle music]
If there are no other complications
after birth,
and if the baby recovers well
after the surgery,
then it will grow up
just like other children out there
who never underwent such a procedure.
Thank you, Dr. Ahn.
[chuckles]
Although, you can thank me
after the surgery has been done.
The EA surgery is a difficult procedure,
to be honest with you.
Also, the smaller the baby,
the more difficult it's going to be.
But then we're very experienced,
and all the babies
that we've operated on before
have recovered well. So don't worry.
[sobbing]
So all right, I'll see you again
after the baby has been born,
and if EA has been confirmed.
Okay, thank you, Dr. Ahn.
I heard about a new gimbap place nearby,
-so I went there earlier.
-But where's your hat?
Oh, right! Uh.
[sniffs]
[Rosa grunts]
I just wanted some gimbap,
but what's it called? A "kisk" or "disk"?
You know, the machine
that gives you change.
Kiosk. Where's your phone?
Oh, right.
Oh, boy. The sun will go down
before we can even go for a walk.
[chuckles]
Goodness.
-What's it called again?
-[door closes]
Anyway, I didn't know how to use it,
so I got the owner to give me change.
Even buying gimbap
is becoming struggle for me these days.
What are you holding?
Oh, come on.
[Rosa sighs]
I'm switching your brain on.
What's wrong with me?
I'm so forgetful these days.
See, I burned a pot yesterday.
Well, at our age now,
that's nothing to be surprised about.
[sniffs]
Anyway did you get some gimbap?
I sure did.
I got some,
but it doesn't have to be so hard.
[door slams close]
-Let's go.
-Umm. Oh, boy.
With all these machines
being placed everywhere,
old people like us
feel very left out already.
Sleep all day.
[Rosa sighs deeply]
It's not funny.
-I really mean it.
-You!
Hey, I have osteoporosis, okay?
Don't do that. It'll break.
You're the only one?
I have osteoporosis too.
So let's see whose bone breaks first.
-Let's do this.
-[grunting]
You'll actually break my bone. Stop it.
-[Rosa grunting]
-Somebody help me!
-No way.
-Comeback.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
PEDIATRICS
YOON YEO-WON
Have you tried this one?
-Not yet.
-Then try it.
[pen clinks]
[wrapper rattles]
Hmm.
-Is it good?
-Mm-hm.
-You're in the same year?
-Yes.
Same year and same team.
We're interning in Pediatrics.
I know. That's why she's also here now.
-[chuckles]
-Oh.
-Hello, guys.
-[Min-ha] Hi, Professor.
-Hi.
-Be punctual, next time?
I do everything alone, so I'm busy.
Hello, I'm sorry if I'm late.
You're alone as usual, no worries.
That's okay. I'm used to it.
Hey, pass me the cookie.
I haven't eaten all day.
-Should I order some gimbap?
-No, thanks.
It sure is nice
to work with a close friend. Huh.
I already feel so left out.
[both chuckle]
Hmm.
Um.
[comical music]
[laughs]
Unfortunately,
the mother's preeclampsia is severe.
And so for her sake,
it's safe to get the baby out sooner.
Her kidney function
declined significantly.
If we delay it,
it'll only drop further and further.
[Jeong-won sighs deeply]
But surgery-wise, I wanna wait
until the baby is at least two kilograms.
Or else, the surgery won't be safe
for the baby,
and we can't use a thoracoscope anymore.
Okay. We'll wait for as long as we can,
but I can't guarantee anything.
She'll be at risk.
We'll have to wait for two to three weeks
for the baby to reach two kilos.
It'll be too much for the mother.
[clicks tongue]
Because of her preeclampsia,
her kidney function keeps on dropping.
Her platelet levels
started dropping as well.
[inhales]
We'll run a follow-up blood test tomorrow.
She might need surgery right away.
If you need to get the baby out,
you should.
Because it is up to OB-GYN,
and I'll follow your decision.
But what I'm trying to say is
we should wait as long as we can,
if it's possible. You get me?
That would be better for the baby.
The lungs won't be fully developed yet
during that time,
so the baby may need
a ventilator in the NICU.
Of course. I told you that
we need to wait a little bit more.
However, if the mother is at risk,
we need to perform the surgery pronto.
Hey, do you think
that I don't know of that?
I'm just trying to say,
it's better if you can delay it
for the baby's sake.
But only if it's safe, of course.
Let's go. They're just saying
the same thing now.
I'll buy you coffee.
We should go too.
Let's organize the charts.
-Professor, see you later.
-[Jeong-won] See ya. Okay.
[door opens]
Her kidneys aren't looking good.
In fact, they are now worse
than yesterday.
It's hard to delay it.
[sighs deeply]
So she might need surgery tomorrow?
I'm not sure yet.
We may do it tomorrow,
if her condition gets worse.
[pensive music]
All right then. Call me when that happens.
Mm.
The mother is aware
of the situation already.
So she wants to wait for as long
as she can for the sake of the baby.
She's doing her best to hold on.
[deep inhale]
She rarely moves,
and she stays in bed all day.
Oh, dear. It must be hard for her.
I'll work around your schedule.
[deep inhale]
It'd be good to book it on a day
when I have other surgeries,
but we can't control it.
All right then.
[sighs]
-You want some coffee.
-Shall we?
-Let's go!
-[inhales]
All right.
[Seok-hyeong sighs deeply]
[resident Chang-min] We gave Chang-min
an IV and increased the dose too,
but his BP keeps dropping.
[Jun-wan sighs]
We really don't have much time left now.
His mom's just outside, right?
-I'll inform her now.
-Okay.
Do you wanna come with me?
I'm asking since you've been losing sleep
to look after Chang-min
for over three months.
And his mother feels way
more comfortable talking to you.
You can come with me. I'll do the talking.
It would comfort her mother
if you were there.
It's okay. I can't do it.
Professor, I'll get ready for the surgery.
I have to go now.
All right then.
[beeps]
PEDIATRICS INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
[Jae-hak chuckles]
What's this?
I don't want you to catch a cold.
Because you're my precious, sir.
-Ugh.
-[Jae-hak chuckles]
-Unbelievable.
-[Jae-hak sighs]
Want some bread?
No, I had some dinner at the cafeteria.
Oh? Good for you.
Is Chang-min's mother doing okay?
Of course she's not.
How could she be okay at this point?
[sighs]
I told her just now that…
Chang-min may not make it
even through the week.
Oh, boy.
Chang-min must be a wreck right now.
Chang-min, the resident?
Yeah, he really adores Chang-min the boy
because they have the same name.
It's… As if Chang-min
is his little brother.
He checks in on him even on weekends.
Yeah, I know that. But he seemed okay.
He seemed calm about it.
Really?
Goodness.
Well, I have to say I'm impressed.
When I was a junior resident,
whenever we lost young patients,
I bawled my eyes out.
I think young doctors nowadays
are different.
[Jae-hak chuckles softly]
I guess so.
Wanna grab some beer?
But I'm on duty tonight.
[chuckles]
[yells]
Are you on duty every night?
[rock music sting]
Why are you yelling at me?
[sighs]
Nothing's going my way today, seriously.
How about tomorrow? You have time?
I have dinner with my wife, well…
[awkward music sting]
I'm so sorry.
[breathes deeply]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[sighs]
I wish I didn't have to write my thesis.
I'm not really an academic by nature.
I was also stressed out
during my fellowship
-because of my thesis too.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Yes.
-[Geon] Professor, this is Geon.
Patient Kim So-yeong went into surgery.
-Okay, I see.
-[phone chimes]
Are they operating on Kim So-yeong?
The possible EA case.
Yes, they just started the surgery.
Let's go.
Okay.
-[suction rattles]
-[liquid hissing]
[Seok-hyeong] You can remove it now.
[suspenseful music]
-[squelching]
-[monitor beeping]
The baby's coming out.
[Seok-hyeong grunts]
[tools clanking]
[baby cries]
[surgeon] The baby is out.
Current time, 2:42 p.m.
[Seok-hyeong] Excuse me, please.
[baby coos]
[machine beeping]
[groaning]
[grunts]
Mother, have a seat first.
It could take a while.
Oh, no, it's okay.
[sighs]
Oh, the doctor is here.
[door beeps]
Hi. Sorry, why are you here?
I was supposed to come
to the room and talk to you.
My wife woke up,
but she's having a hard time right now.
So my mother-in-law and I were thinking,
it's better to tell her what's going on.
We're sorry, doctor.
[chuckles]
It's okay.
-Okay. This way.
-[both] Okay.
What we did was we inserted a tube
through the baby's mouth
and took an X-ray.
Uh, and as we were suspected,
it is EA, which means
the esophagus is disconnected.
[husband inhales deeply]
And then Pediatrics will run some tests
to check for other congenital disorders
just in case.
Our pediatrician will go over the details
and discuss them with you later on.
[whimpers]
Oh, no.
And by the way, we planned to perform
the EA surgery tomorrow.
Okay.
Also, the baby weighs 1.4kg,
which is quite small.
And as I explained
before your wife gave birth,
thoracoscopies are impossible
since the baby is too small.
So we'll have to opt
for an open-chest surgery.
[breathes deeply]
The surgery will be performed in the NICU.
Being moved to an OR
will be too much for the baby
at this crucial time,
so we're going to be doing it
in the NICU instead.
Oh, Dr. Ahn.
[inhales]
Please save my grandchild at all costs.
You see, it's their first baby.
They were both the first ones
to get married in both families,
and it's my first grandchild.
My daughter thinks that
it's her fault that the baby's not well.
She cried a lot for days.
And she couldn't even sleep every night.
So please, please help my daughter
and her baby, doctor.
Save my grandchild,
I don't want anything else.
That's all, Dr. Ahn.
[sobbing]
Yes, I'll do my very best, ma'am.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[light music]
[objects rattle]
[anesthesiologist]
How many peripheral IV lines?
[nurse 1] Two. One in the arm
and the other one in the leg.
What about the central line?
[nurse 1] In the PCVC for the left arm.
[surgeon] Do we have the 6-0 thread?
[nurse 2] No, we don't.
Can you release it?
-[surgeon] What about the size 7 gloves?
-[nurse 2] We have two.
-[surgeon] Can you get me one more?
-[nurse 2] Sure.
[indistinct chatter]
Professor, the patient's family is here.
Oh, okay. Would you like to come along?
Sure.
[Jeong-won] Ah, well at this moment,
the baby's esophagus is disconnected.
Ah, and also between the esophagus
and bronchial tubes,
there's a little by-passage.
It'll be sealed and removed
during the surgery
that we'll performing today.
And we'll open up
both ends of the esophagus,
so it can be connected and be repaired,
right away.
[inhales]
Well, the baby is
in an unstable condition at the moment.
But we're experienced with this,
so we'll do our best
and do it swiftly and smoothly.
[inhales]
For how long it will take?
The baby's EA surgery
will take about two to three hours.
[gasps]
Please take good care
of my grandchild, doctor.
See you.
Oh.
This has never happened
in our family before.
Look, this is why I told her to get
a full checkup before you two got married.
Oh. Oh, gosh.
[Jeong-won sighs deeply]
Is that lady we just talked
to the patient's mother-in-law?
[Seok-hyeong] Yes.
[Jeong-won sighs]
-Shall we begin?
-[Seok-hyeong] All right.
[whirring]
[suspenseful music]
[machine beeping]
[Jeong-won sighs]
-Anesthesiologist, we'll begin now.
-Okay.
-Scalpel.
-[tool clinks]
[suspenseful music continues]
Forceps, please.
[monitor beeping]
[Yun-bok] That baby is still very tiny.
[Gyeo-ul] I've seen smaller babies.
[Yun-bok] And that very tiny baby
is undergoing open-chest surgery.
It's impressive, but I feel so bad for it.
The baby will survive, right?
Of course.
Even babies that are smaller
the moment they were born
can grow up healthy just like other kids
after a successful surgery
and proper treatment.
My gosh, the Pediatrics fellow right now
really wants to help with the procedure.
[Yun-bok] The space is too tight.
[Gyeo-ul] Mm-hm. That's why
neonatal surgery is hard.
[machine beeping]
[Jeong-won] I appreciate
you trying to help right now,
but I know you can't really see,
so it's okay, if you don't.
Oh, okay. Professor Ahn.
[Gyeo-ul] Neonatal surgery is difficult
because the surgical sites are small.
No matter how many assistants there are,
any neonatal surgery is practically
performed solo by the lead surgeon.
I see.
[light music]
Metzenbaum scissors.
[light music rises]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[light music fades]
-Hello there.
-[both chuckle]
[door closes]
Ms. Kim, how are you feeling right now?
Dr. Ahn, my baby's surgery
was done successfully, am I right?
Everything went smoothly, right?
Yes.
Maybe your husband has already told you.
The EA surgery went well.
[sobs]
Thank you, Dr. Ahn.
-[sentimental music]
-[sobbing]
Well, the surgery
was a little bit difficult,
but your baby stayed strong
during the whole procedure.
We didn't have any problems
during the entire surgery,
and then, everything went well
and according to everything
we initially planned.
The baby was born prematurely,
so we have to keep it in the NICU
for quite a while,
so that the organs
will develop a little further.
The doctors and nurses in the NICU
will take good care of your baby.
[sobs]
Yes, Dr. Ahn.
I'll be a good mother.
Okay.
You must be her mother.
-Uh, no, I'm--
-It's not…
your daughter's fault, ma'am.
The baby's condition
isn't anyone's fault either.
It just happened and nothing else.
-[sobbing]
-[sighs]
And if we must look
for every genetic factor,
I'd say both are equally responsible.
We have no way of knowing
who contributed more.
And according to the studies,
about two to three percent of infants
are born with some type of birth defect.
Your grandchild happened
to be born with EA,
which is a congenital disorder.
You're probably not aware of this,
but this is not unusual for us doctors.
The surgery went well,
so the baby will also be fine.
I see.
Your daughter is a strong woman.
She did her best to hold out
so the baby could stay in the womb
for a few more days.
You should give her a pat
on the back for that,
and please help her out now so that
she able to take good care of herself.
-Okay.
-Great.
You really have to look after yourself,
so you can take good care of your baby
once it recovers.
And tell your husband
to take care of everything for you.
So for now,
just focus on your recovery first.
[soft chuckle]
I will. Thank you, Dr. Ahn.
-Have a good night.
-Oh, good night.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[cell phone ringing]
Yes.
[resident Chang-min]
Chang-min's heart rate is dropping.
Even with epinephrine every five minutes.
[sighs]
I'm afraid that he won't last.
This would be hard.
I'm coming.
[phone chimes]
That was about that patient,
Chang-min, right? The kid with TOF.
Yeah. Surgery was hard
because of the severe adhesion.
Although he still managed to survive it,
he still had sepsis.
Oh, no.
One of our second-year residents
has the same name as that boy,
which is why everyone's gotten
more attached to him.
And he's also the first child
that Chang-min ever opened up to.
We built a close rapport
to the kid's mother.
It's very simple, you know.
"The doctor is very attentive
to my child."
"The kid's mother reminds me of my mom."
Then you have mutual trust.
[tongue clicks]
Go now.
I will.
In a bit…
But I really don't wanna go.
I'm off.
I should go tell his mother.
[sighs]
See ya.
I'm afraid Chang-min's heart
is barely beating at the moment.
It has practically stopped now.
[Chang-min's mother groans]
Chang-min doesn't have much time left.
I know he must have been lonely
in the PICU during his stay.
[both sobbing]
Please be by his side
in his final moments right now.
[both sobbing continues]
[somber music]
[sobbing continues]
I explained the situation now
to Chang-min's parents.
I'd like you to make
the death pronouncement.
Sure. I can do that.
-[machine beeping]
-[breathing heavily]
NAME: KIM CHANG-MIN
[both sobbing]
[machine beeping rapidly]
[sobbing]
Dr. Im.
Excuse me, Dr. Im.
[all sobbing]
Kim Chang-min
has… has…
[sniffles]
[Chang-min's parents sobbing]
[all sobbing]
Chang-min, my dear.
[quivers]
My sweet little angel.
Your dad and I…
love you very, very much.
[Chang-min's parents sobbing]
Time of… Time of death.
[breathes deeply]
[machine beeping rapidly]
[resident Chang-min quivers]
Time of, uh…
-[door slides open]
-[Chang-min's parents sobbing]
[all sobbing]
POWER OFF
[flatline beeping]
["With My Tears" by Whee In playing]
[Chang-min's parents sobbing]
Record it as 4:53 p.m.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
["With My Tears" continues playing]
[sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
Yes, I guess I have a,
a little, professor.
[Ik-jun] Oh, then why don't you take care
of the full liver mobilization today?
Sure, I'll do my best.
I'll come down when I have a moment.
Sure.
-[phone chimes]
-[exhales deeply]
[breathing heavily]
[munching]
[footsteps approaching]
Come in.
I'm really sorry.
You put me in charge of the pronouncement,
but I got way too emotional,
and couldn't say what I needed to say.
[inhales]
I'm sorry, Professor.
I'll make sure this doesn't happen again.
Why are you sorry?
It happens, you know.
Doctors are humans.
[soft sigh]
It's okay. You can cry.
Okay.
You can cry in situations like that.
It's also okay to cry
in front of patients or their guardians.
I also don't wanna tell you to hide
or hold back such emotions.
-Right.
-But then…
Do your job still.
You still need to do your job,
no matter how emotional you are.
And it's your job to make that call,
because you are a doctor.
Right.
[gentle music]
[inhales]
Now go. You did a good job.
[Jun-wan inhales]
Thanks.
[door opens]
[door closes]
-[suction rattles]
-[liquid hissing]
[sighs deeply]
[Gyeo-ul] Pull it carefully
so I can see it.
Okay.
ANESTHESIA DURATION, CURRENT TIME,
ELAPSED TIME
[machine beeping]
[Gyeo-ul] I can't see because
of the blood, so drain it using suction.
[nurse 1] Okay.
[suction rattles]
[Gyeo-ul] Excuse me,
can you call Professor Lee Ik-jun?
[nurse 2] Sure.
[Ik-jun] Well, what's the matter?
[Gyeo-ul] Professor, I'm struggling
because of the patient's bleeding.
It's more difficult that I thought.
[Ik-jun] Did you remove the adrenal gland?
I haven't. I'm not even there yet.
[suction rattles]
And what about the seeding?
I'm sorry. I haven't checked it yet.
[Ik-jun] That's the first thing
you need to do for cancer.
My apologies.
[exhales deeply]
[Ik-jun sighs]
Can I have a Richardson?
[dramatic music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[door closes]
Ah, okay.
Do you want some coffee?
[spoon clinking]
Here.
[deep inhale]
I added two spoons of my love.
With Jeong-won's permission, of course.
[chuckles]
Thank you for this.
[breathes deeply]
Are you upset because of that surgery?
Yes.
I don't seem
to have improved at all, you know.
I'm already a fellow,
and yet I still make mistakes, Professor.
[breathes deeply]
I don't think I can ever perform
a liver transplant.
I just don't have the skill for it.
You were a resident
until last month, Gyeo-ul.
You just became a fellow days ago.
[inhales deeply]
They say March is a difficult month.
You're just starting out.
It's a difficult procedure,
so it's okay to watch and learn first.
You became a fellow
to build experience
and more surgeries, right?
Then you'll improve
as you gain more experience.
[inhales]
You know EMGS?
No. I don't.
Of course you don't.
Because I just made it up.
[both chuckle]
"Experience Makes you a Great Surgeon"
and you really have to build it.
[inhales]
See, I assisted in 500 liver transplants
before I performed one by myself.
I watched my professors
go on with the same procedure
countless times
before I ever performed one
as the lead surgeon,
so just be patient.
[Ik-jun clicks tongue]
And I know that you're eager to learn,
and you have more experience
with surgeries
than your peers or other fellows do,
so it's okay.
You're doing fine, and you'll do better.
You just need more time. That's all.
[sighs]
Doesn't this cheer you up at all?
-No.
-[Ik-jun chuckles]
[inhales]
See. Um, you have the talent,
and I can see that.
[soft chuckle]
Professor.
Tell me about a mistake you made.
Then that will make me feel better.
[deep inhale]
Mistake I made? Hmm.
[inhales]
I've never made one.
[scoffs]
I'm just kidding.
Listen, Jun-wan, Seok-hyeong and I
made a lot of them.
But it'd be more comforting
to know the mistake
of pure-hearted souls
like Song-hwa and Jeong-won.
And I'm guessing Jeong-won
has never told you about them.
Yeah, he's advised me on my thesis
and surgical procedures.
But not about his mistakes.
-[chuckles softly]
-[playful music]
So you know that,
he's a perfectionist, right?
You really must know.
He's not a perfectionist, you know.
He's just perfect.
You…
Yes, he's such a total perfectionist.
He's a perfectionist,
and he knows pretty much everything.
Hmm.
From stock investments
to camping and skiing.
Jeez, he's such a smarty-pants
and a perfectionist.
There was this one day, when Jeong-won
and I were interning in Surgery…
You know what a seolapja is?
It's over there. It's a tongue depressor.
[scoffs]
Oh. It happens to be right there.
What a coincidence.
So, we interned
in Surgery together in our first month.
And then one day, one of the patients
suddenly had a seizure.
Both of us made rounds before the others.
We were hoping to win some points.
But it suddenly happened.
Then our professor came down running,
and the nurse literally flew over,
toward where we were.
It was crazy. That moment, the professor
told him to bring a seolapja.
"Bring me seolapja. Now! Hurry."
Don't tell me…
Seolapja. I need one. Hurry up!
What? Ah. Sure.
[door slides open]
[Jeong-won pants]
What the heck is that?
[panting]
[quirky music]
What?
[all laugh]
[Song-hwa laughs]
Did you actually do that?
-Why I had no idea?
-Ahn Jeong-won, that's so hilarious.
-It's so spicy. It's good, though.
-That's right? Try this.
[munching]
-Shouldn't we order more of that?
-This won't be enough, right?
What are you talking about?
We ordered four chickens already.
Is it one chicken per person?
Yes, that's already given, man.
You're very rich.
So don't be such a cheapskate.
It's true that rich people are so stingy.
Oh, come on, Jeong-won,
are you seriously sulking right now?
Ik-jun only brought it up today
to cheer up Dr. Jang.
Past is past, okay. It's done.
But it wasn't me.
Okay then, we all believe you.
[scoffs]
That seolapja thing. It wasn't me.
It wasn't me. It was this asshole.
[all] What?
[Jeong-won] Oh, this is nuts.
Hey, open your mouth wide.
Ah. Here, come on.
I added two spoons of my love.
-Open wide now, come on.
-You jerk. I can't stand you!
-Hey! Hey!
-You jerk!
Jeong-won, hold on. It hurts now.
-[Ik-jun grunting]
-You little…
-[quirky music fades]
-[gasps]
What the heck is that?
[panting]
[comical music]
Uh, hold on.
Were you asking for this ruler?
What?
[Jeong-won sighs]
[munching]
If I told her it was me,
then it's no fun, you know?
It's no fun to hear the mistakes
of Jun-wan, Seok-hyeong, or me.
It's called dramatization.
I figured it would cheer her up more
if he heard that it was Song-hwa
or Jeong-won did it.
Why you little…
[inhales]
-[fork clinks]
-[sighs deeply]
-[cutlery clinking]
-[grunts]
-Did you tell her about my mistake too?
-Yeah.
Song-hwa made a mistake?
[scoffs]
She made a lot, actually.
-The pillow thing?
-Yeah.
[Seok-hyeong] What pillow thing?
It was about patient positions,
then the professor said,
"The pillow first!" during the training.
But she misheard it as "the wall."
So she stood against the wall.
[all laugh]
My goodness. It's true.
She was a model student.
She might have misheard
the professor that time,
but what about the contamination,
because she stood there?
[both laugh]
Her back was glued to the wall.
[chuckles]
I was just an intern back then.
All right. All right. Fine.
Who's Jeong-won talking to?
It's Dr. Jang, most probably.
[chuckles]
It wasn't me. I'm telling you.
It was Ik-jun and not me.
I swear it was Ik-jun who did that.
[grunts]
No! No!
Uh, please stop saying
that you'll believe me, okay?
I'm telling you,
that it was Ik-jun and not me.
Why wouldn't I know
what a seolapja is? Huh?
I can't think of anything you did.
-Me? Of course, you can't.
-[can sizzles]
Because perfect people
make no mistakes, right?
-[Jun-wan gulps]
-Should I?
[can clicks]
[slurps]
When Seok-hyeong
was a first-year resident…
I had a similar experience,
so I totally get what he did.
His patient was dying, so,
he was told to pronounce death
for the first time ever.
But he couldn't do it,
so he tried four times.
The nurse who was with him
ended up calling his professor,
and he took care of it.
You told me about it before.
I remember that.
I remember her name, her age,
and what she looked like.
I still have vivid memories of her.
She was an expectant mother
and my very first patient.
I told to her everything would be fine.
Then I told her not to worry about it.
And she suddenly died…
from an amniotic fluid embolism.
Her husband flopped down onto the floor
and started bawling his eyes out.
But we were taught to hold it in, right?
All our seniors and professors told us
to never show our emotions
in front of the patients
and even their families.
But I couldn't.
I couldn't hold it in.
[inhales]
So I ended up bawling with them that time.
I couldn't hold back my tears.
[somber music]
Then I got scolded big-time
by my professor.
He said I embarrassed my fellows.
Hey, Jun-wan.
Bet you have no memories of that.
That's right. I am a very rational doctor.
Unlike you, Seok-hyeong.
Oh, that's total crap.
-[glass shatters]
-[Ik-jun slurps]
Why do you remember
all these things? What for?
-[can thuds]
-To call you out on your lies and say,
"I saw it. I witnessed what you did."
When he was in first year,
he pronounced death for the first time.
He kept his composure, well, you know it.
in front of the family but…
I bawled in the restroom instead.
[light music]
That was the day I cried the most.
The patient who passed away
was the same age as my father.
And his son was also around my age.
The son told him he loved him
and that he wanted to be born
as his son again in his next life.
That moment with the two of them
is still engraved in my heart.
[tongue clicks]
I'll never forget it.
Oh, I'm getting teary-eyed again.
[sighs]
But do you regret it?
Regret what? Crying?
It's okay to cry.
Not that. It's crying secretly.
I regretted it so much.
I shouldn't have kept it in.
I've could cried a lot
in front of the patients' family instead.
Of course, it's nothing
to be embarrassed about.
But I went squatting
on the restroom floor.
Looking back now,
that embarrasses me even more.
[Jun-wan scoffs]
I also tell my students
it's okay to show emotions,
as long as they know their limit
and don't cross the line.
Doctors aren't robots.
[Ik-jun sighs]
["Superstar" playing]
Ahh…
[in Korean]
♪ On a whim, without a plan ♪
♪ You moved to Seoul ♪
♪ That bewildered look on your face ♪
♪ Reminds me of myself years ago ♪
♪ You look like an athlete
With a nice tan ♪
♪ Whose single focus
Has been training hard ♪
♪ It's scary but exciting ♪
♪ Because it's your new beginning ♪
♪ It's okay, you'll be fine ♪
♪ You have a bright future ahead of you ♪
♪ We believe in you ♪
♪ Your reason to live ♪
♪ No matter what that may be ♪
♪ Just live a life with no regrets ♪
♪ And you're a superstar ♪
♪ It's okay, you'll be fine ♪
♪ You have a bright future ahead of you ♪
♪ We believe in you ♪
♪ All the things that stressed you out ♪
♪ And all the sweat and tears
You have shed ♪
♪ Let's have a drink
And forget all about them ♪
-♪ It's okay, you'll be fine ♪
-♪ You have a bright future ahead of you ♪
-♪ We believe in you ♪
Three, four!
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na♪
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
-♪ It's okay, you'll be fine ♪
-♪ You have a bright future ahead of you ♪
-♪ We believe in you ♪
[all chuckle]
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
Hello, sir.
Thank you so much, doctor.
-No, I should be the one thanking you, Mr.
-No, it's fine.
-♪ It's okay, you'll be fine ♪
-♪ You have a bright future ahead of you ♪
RICHARDSON, OUT!
AND PLEASE GET IT TOGETHER!
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na♪
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
JANG HONG-DO
♪ It's okay, you'll be fine ♪
I MADE WORSE MISTAKES
WHEN I WAS AN INTERN
CHEER UP, FROM CHUCHU
[in Korean]
♪ It's okay, you'll be fine ♪
♪ We believe in you ♪
♪ All the things that stressed you out ♪
♪ And all the sweat and tears
You have shed ♪
♪ Let's have a drink
And forget all about them ♪
♪ Whoo-who-oh ♪
-♪ It's okay, you'll be fine ♪
-♪ You have a bright future ahead of you ♪
-♪ We believe in you ♪
Three, four!
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na♪
-♪ Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ You're your superstar ♪
It's already been two weeks, you know.
So wake up already. Please?
All your friends are probably out
having fun at parties right now.
I'm pretty sure they're all so busy.
It's already March.
Don't waste the whole month in bed, okay?
-[monitor beeping]
-[air hissing]
[dramatic music]
Ms. Hwang. Can you lift your left hand?
[grunting]
Professor!
[machine beeping]
My dear. I'm sorry.
Mommy is sorry.
[monitor beeping]
Excuse me.
-Hello.
-Hello, Dr. Ahn.
-We didn't expect to see you here.
-[Jeong-won scoffs]
But I come here every day.
[chuckles]
You seem so much better now.
Thank you so much.
And your brave baby
is doing much better too.
[chuckles]
He is. Thanks a lot, Dr. Ahn.
Doctor, we named our baby already.
Oh, that's right. I just realized
that we didn't have his name yet.
So what did you name him?
[chuckles]
NAME: SONG JEONG-WON
[chuckles softly]
We just named him after you…
Ah, well, because when he grows up,
we want him to be a doctor.
That's our only reason.
Wow! It's a nice name.
[chuckles]
All right.
[light music]
["Beyond The Rainbow Forest" music]
Good morning.
[Jae-hak] Hey there, Professor.
[Song-hwa] You're unbelievable.
How do you know everyone at the hospital?
It's because they like me so much.
Why? Did something happen?
Excuse me! Excuse me!
[woman] Isn't there a doctor around?
[Chang-min] Wow.
He had this scary look on his face.
[sighs deeply]
That guy's really harsh.
[Yun-bok] He doesn't know
what it's like for us.
[man] Are you sure
that nothing went wrong?
How can I trust this place, if screws up
like these just keep happening?
[Rosa] Hello. To what do I owe
the pleasure of your call?
How can you not see her at least once?
Aren't you curious at all?
I am curious. But I don't want to be
since it will make her uncomfortable.
[Yeong-he sighs]
[Yeong-he] I really wonder when is my son
going to bring home a new girlfriend.
I don't care who it is. Anyone will do.
Except for that woman.
How did you know
I'm on duty tonight, Professor Yang?
[Jun-wan] Are you going to hang out
with me this Sunday?
Oh, no, I actually have other plans.
[Jeong-won] You didn't forget
about next Sunday, right?
Sure, that sounds good.
I'm fine with anything.
[Jae-hak] Is this what you'll be wearing?
[Jun-wan] Clothes don't matter.
Your heart does.
[Song-hwa] Any plans this weekend?
I'm camping tomorrow,
and I was wondering if you wanted to come.
[crickets creak]